docs: reserved memory (#89)
depot/docs: content/github-actions/runner-types.mdx

**Note**: We support the `depot-ubuntu-latest-*` alias for `depot-ubuntu-22.04-*` if you want to use the latest Ubuntu version.

**RAM Disk Reserved**:

> Most Depot runners have a portion of memory reserved for a RAM disk. The RAM disk cache acts as buffer before writing to the NVMe SSD for incredibly fast I/O operations.

Author: Requesting comments here

> **RAM Disk Reserved**:
> Most Depot runners have a portion of memory reserved for a RAM disk. The RAM disk cache acts as buffer before writing to the NVMe SSD for incredibly fast I/O operations.

Reviewer: Nice, I've been calling this a "disk accelerator":

```suggestion
**In-memory Disk Accelerator**:

Depot runners reserve a portion of the memory on the runner host for a disk accelerator, backed by a RAM disk. The accelerator acts as buffer between reading and writing to the root disk, which allows Actions runs to perform incredibly fast I/O operations much quicker than the physical disk would allow.
```

## Intel runners

Intel runners use AMD EC2 instances. Their EBS volume is provisioned with 8000 IOPS and 250 MB/s throughput.

The following labels are available:

> | Label                      | CPUs | Memory | Disk size | Per-minute price | RAM Disk Reserved |

Reviewer: I think I'd call this `Disk accelerator size` and probably move it so that it's after Disk size and before price (basically keeping price last in the list)
